```probtrackx2``` is the FMRIB Software Library ([FSL](https://fsl.fmrib.ox.ac.uk/fsl/fslwiki/FSL)) probabilistic fiber tracking tool using diffusion MRI.

This modification adds some functionality to enforce the initial tracking direction.  For example, one might want the first fiber propagation step to move in the normal direction to the surface, seeded at a vertex.  The default FSL probtrackx2 tool allows one to specify an initial fiber bundle compartment from which it then samples the initial propgation direction (```--fibst```) -- however, one cannot explicitly enfore the first step direction.  For a full view of all default FSL options, have a look at the probtrackxOptions.h file.

The class ```Particle``` (defined in **particle.h**), performs the meat of the tracking.  A ```Particle``` object performs the fiber tracking for a single streamline, for a single seed.  At each step of the streamline propagation, ```Particle``` samples a spherical coordinate (azimuthal angle, polar angle, fiber comparment) from the 3D diffusion model generated by ```bedpostx```, checks that some constraints are applied, and moves in that direction using a ```Particle.jump(...)``` member function.  **Here, I provide an edit to accept an initial azimuthal and polar angles to enforce the first step**.

Likewise, I also combine some work by [St.-Onge et al.](https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1053811917310583) to add functionality for using surface curvature to enhance tractography results.  The bulk of these modifications are included in **seed_utils.h**.  More notes to come...